##### Staff Software Engineer - .NET 

You are collaborative and enjoy solving analytical problems to help our team to reach highest potential
We are a team of big thinkers who are engineering the future of banking
Together we will build tomorrow’s bank today, using world-leading technology and innovation

Do work that matters

We're building tomorrow’s bank today, which means we need creative and diverse engineers to help us redefine what customers expect from a bank. Envisioning new technologies that are still waiting to be invented and reimagining products that support our customers and help build Australia’s future economy.

CommBank is recognised as leading the industry in IT and operations with its world-class platforms and processes, agile IT infrastructure, and innovation in everything from payments to internet banking and mobile apps. Our Software team are the brains behind Australia’s number one banking app, Netbank, Cardless Cash, Comm Sec Pocket and Spend Tracker. We go beyond a passion for web and mobile development, creating reliable APIs at a unique scale in Australia. And you could be a part of that journey.

See yourself in our team

The CBA technology unit delivers the best digital banking services to Commonwealth Bank customers and to do so is responsible for digital delivery, group data and analytics, technology and technology infrastructure, cyber, fraud, physical security and business resilience for all divisions across CBA. It is also dedicated to delivering the best workplace technology experience for our over 53.000 people across CBA and focused on providing the latest tools, technology, and resources to enhance the way we work together and empower our people to achieve more for our customers.

Join the Credit Card Crew where we innovate with cutting-edge frameworks and cloud technologies to create modern digital solutions. Each day brings new challenges as you tackle technical design issues and engage with various stakeholders throughout the SDLC process. You’ll experience a supportive team environment that fosters collaboration and diverse skill sets.

As a Staff Engineer, you’ll be responsible for leading, promoting continuous improvement, developing technical roadmaps, and improving the quality of technical solutions by implementing industry best practises. You'll also work closely with other technical leaders and product owners to document new changes and drive various initiatives. It will be key that you will be a contributing to technology stack and instrumental to shaping the technical capabilities as well are uplifting engineers around you. Also, you’ll be involved in all aspects of the delivery from solution design and development to production rollout.

We’re interested in hearing from people who:

Owns and develops technical strategy as well as overseeing medium to complex engineering initiatives.
Leads the development of strategic programs of work, including Proof of Concept developments.
Designs and delivers innovative technical solutions to strategic business problems.
Collaborates with engineers to build and deploy multiple technology solutions that will help in defining current and future states, as well as the roadmap.
Have demonstrated experience in translating the project vision into actionable plans.
Utilises strong understanding of core business and technical strategies to deliver best business outcomes through technical implementation.
Are constantly thinking outside the box and breaking boundaries to solve complex technical problems.
Constructively challenges the status quo while influencing stakeholders at various levels.

Tech Skills:

We use a broad range of tools, languages, and frameworks. We don’t expect you to know them all but experience or exposure with some of these will set you up for success in this team:

Strong hands-on experience with the technologies like C#, ASP.NET, .NET Core
Sound knowledge of large-scale distributed systems, Microservices, and Rest API Integration
Hands-on experience with solution design and architecture
JavaScript frameworks – Angular or React
Databases - NoSQL, Mongo DB, Aurora DB
Public cloud engineering (AWS/Azure) and experience using Cloud native capabilities
CI/CD pipelines – TeamCity, GitHub Actions
Monitoring and observability tools such as Splunk, Grafana, Observe, CloudWatch, AppDynamics
Integration using Kafka, AWS MSK - preferred

Working with us:

Whether you’re passionate about customer service, driven by data, or called by creativity, a career with us is for you.

We support our people with the flexibility to balance where work is done with at least half their time connecting in office. We also have many other flexible working options available including changing start and finish times, part-time arrangements and job share to name a few.

Our people bring their diverse backgrounds and unique perspectives to build a respectful, inclusive, and flexible workplace with flexible work locations. We’re looking for people who truly live our values: Care, Courage and Commitment and we’ll offer you great opportunities to develop your career with us.

If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest, x15ventures), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.

We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.

Advertising End Date: 24/07/2024